
Digital Heist Design Document
---

Digital Heist (real title pending), is a puzzle action game taking place in 
the cyberpunk future. The main character attempts to pull of heists with the 
help of his/her cyber daemon (need a better name). Gameplay will consist of 
top-down action/stealth gameplay.

The main character will move through locations, avoiding or neutralizing guards,
pressing switches, disabling alarms and security, gathering items, and accessing
computer systems.

The daemon will have a similar gameplay style, but all action will take place 
in cyberspace. The daemon will facilitate entry into these locations. They will 
be tasked with similar objectives: avoiding/neutralizing/repurposing programs,
modifying realworld and cyberspace security, collecting items and information,
and accessing servers and datastores.

The actual cool part about the game is the interplay between the two characters.
Getting through the levels will require switching back and forth between characters 
so that pathways can be opened up. As additional software is aquired, it expands on 
the capabilities of the daemon. Software will be aquired in the realworld and in 
cyberspace. Hardware must be aquired in the real world, although it may be unlocked 
by actions in cyberspace.


Upgrades - Daemon
---
stealth
stun programs
posess programs (dishonored style, for stealthy movement)
varying levels of icebreakers (for breaking into fortified locations)
blink (instant movement to a point)
speed boost
program disguise
program repurposing
advanced combat capabilities
	gun
	spread gun
	temporary charm/dominate
	melee weapons

	

Upgrades - Human
---
stealth
grace period if seen
stun gun
infrared - remote hacking (line of sight to terminals)
weapons
	hand to hand
	pistol (detective special?)
	shotgun
	electric kris knife
grapling hook
pickpocket
scanning/xray vision to see into other rooms
lockpick for old-school locks
physical disguise






Progression in Missions
---

1) Basic stealth heist with no tools. No daemon, no weapons. Challenge will consist 
mainly of stealth, and finding switches. Mission will culminate in getting the daemon.

2) Introduction to using the daemon. Intoduces player to computer terminals. Daemon 
movement and stealth. Focus on opening pathways for human with daemon and vice versa.

3) Pickpocket mechanic and hand to hand combat


